fix code and note blocks in dualtor pages (#1649)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/reference/resources/earlynetworkconfiguration.mdx

---
description: API for this Calico Enterprise resource.
---

# Early Network Configuration

Early network configuration supplies labels and AS numbers to apply to each
{{prodname}} node, as well as peering and other network configuration to use during node
startup prior to receiving BGPPeer and BGPConfiguration resources from the datastore.
Early network configuration will be superseded by any BGPPeer or BGPConfiguration
resources after successful startup.

> For a detailed guide on how to set up dual ToR, see [here](../../networking/configuring/dual-tor.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed guide on how to set up dual ToR, see [Deploy a dual ToR cluster](../../networking/configuring/dual-tor.mdx).
```

Reviewer: Always good practice to have specific anchors.

:::note
Early network configurations are intended for use only when {{prodname}} is being run in "early networking" mode, i.e. when operating a "dual ToR" networking configuration. If you are not running a dual-plane cluster, this is probably not what you are looking for!
For configuring BGP networking under normal circumstances (when {{prodname}} is running), see [BGPConfiguration](bgpconfig.mdx), [BGPPeer](bgppeer.mdx), and [BGPFilter](bgpfilter.mdx).

> :::

Reviewer: Consider moving this information into the top paragraph. If it's really only for dual-tor, you can say that in the first description.

| ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------- | -------------- |
| nodeIPFromDefaultRoute                | Toggles legacy behavior, where {{prodname}} early networking would use the src IP of a default route to identify which ConfigNode to use.                                | true, false     | false          |
| unconditionalDefaultRouteProgramming  | Toggles legacy behavior, where {{prodname}} early networking would unconditionally program a default route to a ToR, regardless of whether one existed prior to startup. | true, false     | false          |

### ConfigStableAddress
| Field                                 | Description                                                     | Accepted Values   | Schema Default |
| ------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |

> | address | IP address which {{prodname}} should provision during earlynetworking as the "stable" address | IP Address string | ""             |

Reviewer: during earlynetworking --> during early networking

If that's the established wording. Sounds a bit funny to my ear.

### ConfigPeering
| Field        | Description                                                                                               | Accepted Values   | Schema Default |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| peerIP       | The IP address of the ToR                                                                                 | IP Address string | ""             |

> | peerASNumber | The AS number of the ToR. When left as 0, {{prodname}} early-networking will use its own node's AS number | integer           | 0              |

Reviewer: early networking
